[TI MISP] Add datastream for Attributes API endpoint (#4136)
elastic/integrations: packages/ti_misp/_dev/build/docs/README.md

{{fields "threat"}}

{{event "threat"}}

### Threat Attributes

The MISP integration configuration allows to set the polling interval, how far back it should look initially, and optionally any filters used to filter the results.

> This data stream uses the `/attributes/restSearch` API endpoint which returns a more granual information regarding MISP attributes and additional information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This data stream uses the `/attributes/restSearch` API endpoint which returns more granular information regarding MISP attributes and additional information.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated the doc
